- [Instructor] To demonstrate the work involved
in creating a Spring-based real-time app,
we're gonna develop a simple chat app
for our fictitious Landon Hotel.
The event services staff at the Landon Hotel
wants to give event planners and guests
a better way to communicate with each other.
For example, event planners want a quick way
to request help from the hotel staff during setup
or imagine being able to contact
the hotel staff person as a guest
and having an event-specific chat tool
that allows you to communicate with other guests.
We're gonna begin setting up
for our example chat app's design and development.
Our overall development goals
involve developing the server-side and the client-side code.
We'll begin developing and unit testing
our server-side code first,
then we'll move on to creating the HTML
and JavaScript assets needed for our client-side code.
For server-side development,
we will be using components
that should be familiar to you
if you've done any development
using the Spring MVC framework.
We won't go into too much depth
about MVC-related components because if you need it,
there is another course you can take
that provides everything you need to know about Spring MVC.
However, what is most relevant for this course
is the need for a component called a message broker.
An understanding of message-oriented middleware concepts
is definitely useful when configuring and coding up
our message broker.
The message broker must be configured
to listen on a particular endpoint or server address
and it manages the registry of topic or destinations.
All of the messages flow through the broker
and eventually onto whatever controller is configured
to handle any ongoing business logic
for processing messages.
So, let's get started and review our project in the IDE.
So, I wanna review some of our packaging
and naming conventions that we're gonna use for our app,
just so you know ahead of time where everything will be.
Notice we have in our main package com.landon.chat.
This is where we'll keep
any application-level configuration classes.
Our next package, our controller package,
and as the name suggests,
this is where all of our controllers will be kept.
Finally, our model package,
in this package is where we'll keep
all the classes that we need
to represent the different types of messages
or model behavior.
We'll talk more about that later.
Finally, we won't write tests for this course,
but we will be running them.
There is a course on Spring: Test-Driven Development
that you can take to learn about how to write these tests,
but just so you know,
as a convention, we will be keeping all of our test code
in the src/test/java tree
and we will package them to match
the classes that they are testing.